Why do cows wear bells?
What do you call a fake noodle?
How do you befriend a squirrel?
How do you stop moles digging in your garden?
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
What do you call a nosy pepper?
An Italian chef has died.
What kind of room can’t you enter?
What did the traffic light say to the car?
What does a nut say when it sneezes?
Why was the little strawberry crying?
How do you put an alien baby to sleep?
How do snails fight?
Why did the jaguar eat the tightrope walker?
Why don’t penguins like talking to strangers at parties?
Where did the cow take his date?
Why are frogs so happy?
How do you impress a female baker?
What do you call a pony with a cough?
Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella?
Why did the bicycle fall over?
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn?
What did one hat say to the other?
What did one eye say to the other eye?
What did the triangle say to the circle?
What did the big bucket say to the smaller one?
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
Why don’t you ever see a hippopotamus hiding in a tree?
Why do chicken coups always have two doors?
What kind of music do mummies listen to?
What do you do if someone thinks an onion is the only food that can make them cry?
What’s white and can’t climb a tree?
Why did the lifeguard kick the elephants out of the pool?
Why did the cookie go to the doctors?
What did the cop say to his stomach?
What’s a skeleton’s favorite instrument?
What’s the difference between America and a memory stick?
How does a duck buy lipstick?
What do you call a T-Rex that’s been beaten up?
What is the difference between girl spaghetti and man spaghetti?
What do you call a man with no arms or legs wading in a pool?
What do cows most like to read?
What did the axe murderer say to the judge?
What do you give a cannibal that shows up late to dinner?
What do you call a snowman on a hot day?
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe?
What do you do with epileptic lettuce?
Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long?
What do you call a police officer in bed?
What do you do when you see a spaceman?
Why did Mozart kill his chicken?
What do you do with a sick boat?
What did the rubber band factory worker say when he was fired?
How much does a Mustang cost?
What did the older chimney say to the younger one?
Did you hear about the population of Ireland?
What did one shark say to the other as he ate a clownfish?
What does the cobbler say when a cat wanders into his shop?
Which plant rules the garden?
Who do you call when the ocean needs a little cleaning?
What do you call a bee that’s having a bad hair day?
Why was the poor guy selling yeast?
Why did the fish get bad grades?
Why did the skeleton hit the party solo?
How much does a pirate pay for corn?
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
What do you call a pooch living in Alaska?
What’s a firefly’s favorite game?
What do Olympic sprinters eat before a race?
Why is there a wall around the cemetery?
How did the pirate stop smoking?
Who does a pharaoh talk to when he’s sad?
What did the football coach say to the broken vending machine?
Why do French people eat snails?
Did you hear about that wedding?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
Why could the bee not hear what people were saying?
Why was the sand wet?
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants?
Why shouldn’t you play cards on the savannah?
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology.
When is a door not a door?
What did the red light say to the green light?
What kind of music to chiropractors listen to?
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot?
Why can’t you trust the king of the jungle?
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas?
How did the barber win the race?
What do baby kangaroos wear when it’s cold out?
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?
What do ants get when they do all their chores?
How do you stop a bull from charging?
What do a dog and a phone have in common?
What’s the most famous creature in the ocean?
What lies at the bottom of the sea shaking?
What did the hat say to the scarf?
What do clouds wear under their shorts?
What did the mayonnaise say when the refrigerator door was opened?
Why are teddy bears never hungry?
What’s so bad about Russian dolls?
What would bears be without bees?
What do Olympic sprinters eat before a race?
Why don’t skeletons watch scary movies?
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road?
What did one egg say to the other?
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana?.
How does a rancher keep track of his cattle?
Why wouldn’t the shrimp share his treasure?
How does a squid go into battle?
Where do Volkswagens go when they get old?
Why doesn’t anyone want to shave a crazy sheep?
How many lips does a flower have?
What do you call a boat with a hole in the bottom?